Storyboard

  Opponent 
  | | | |
    | |
  | | | |
   Player
   
Menu:

 Picture of a cat and a rat fighting versus screen mortal kombat
 Start button. Rules button. Credits button. Link to Github. Scores button.
 
User Clicks Rules:
	They are shown a lightbox of the rules. Very pretty, link to the silly youtube video
	Escape to shut off or click outside of the box (X on top corner as well for grandma)
	
User Clicks Credits:
	Another lightbox to show the beautiful names of the people who made this game (links to their websites and such)
	Escape to shut off or click outside of the box (X on top corner as well for grandma)

User Clicks Link to Github:
	New tab/Window (preferably new tab) to bring the player to the open source wonderland
	
User Clicks Scores:
	Base Screen is the Top Scores by User (not including the computer)
	Options to filter by User wins/loss by rounds/games
	Hall of Fame User's who have gotten "perfect rounds" (Score of 0)
	Average round score for the day, the week, the year
	
User Clicks Start Button!:
	Happy Celebration Noise
	Enter username (lightbox)
		and age if you're not old enough to use this website, promptly redirect to youtube my little pony video.
	Choose your player (play mortal kombat theme) 
		Change username if they want to if they already played
		Cat or Rat (make up players like Baron von Ratsworth)
		Avaters a possibility for upload your own
	Choose AI difficulty and make evil noises
	More happy noises as the game curtain unfolds
	Game begins
		Cards are delt (pretty animations to represent what has already happened in the backend)
		The top card of the deck is turned over and put on the discard pile face up
			If card is a power card it is shuffled in and a new card is drawn until we're all good
		Show the outside cards to the player (not the computers) for either some time or until they click a button
		Flip the cards over so no one can see it
	Oldest player gets to go first (We are in round i)
		Player must click one of the piles, glow each pile
			If discard: (Provided there is a card in the discard pile)
				Glow the players cards so they know to pick one of them
					Player picks card, pretty animation of swapping cards. 
					Player card goes to discard (face up)
			If draw pile:
				Show the card to the player and pop up options
				Options: (If the card is a number)
					Glow the players card for swapping and glow the discard for discarding
				Options: (If the card is a power card)
					Peek: Glow the players card to peek at
						Player selects card. Card is shown. Peek is discarded.
					Swap:
						Present a use this card or not dialog
							Yes: 
								All cards are glown, player selects 1 from each player, presses swap button
								Cards are swapped, Swap is discarded
							No:
								Discard the swap
					Draw 2:
						Show draw 2. Draw the next card
						Card #2: 
							If number card, they can use it like a regular turn or discard it
								Use:
									Turn is over after doing turn
								Discard:
									Repeat from step Draw 2 above. (After discarding card)
							If power card
								If Another Draw 2 card:
									They get to draw 2 more cards and repeat these steps. Abandoning this current draw 2 'loop'
								Use: 
									Use the power as described above
								Discard:
									Repeat from step Draw 2 above. (After discarding card)
		Does player want to end their turn?
			Pretty button that's greyed out during your turn and when you're in the middle of actions
			Player presses the button:
				Other player goes one more time, and round then ends.
		Deck runs out of cards?
			Yes: 
				Round ends. 
			No:
				Keep calm and carry on
	End of a Round:
		Each players cards flip over (pretty pretty) 
		If any cards are power cards the power cards are swapped into the deck, they get the top/random card back from the deck
		If a player has reached a score of 60 or more, then the game ends.
	End Game:
		Who won? Celebration noises or failure noises. 
		Avatars fighting and killing each other
		Show your place on the leaderboard
		Lightbox with Go back to main or play again (character select?)
									
					
		
	
	


  